transformers fans it's filmmaker Mike
and I just finished shopping from my
local Target store and I found a really
cool Transformers toy that I wanted to
get before but just never got to because
of the price never saw it for a really
good sale price and but now I'm glad I
waited so let me share with all of you
what I found in the clearance section
and it is Transformers Dark of the Moon
bumblebee Human Alliance right there
with Sam Witwicky and original retail
retail prices $29.99 I got it for $8 in
98 cents a great great price so this is
the black and yellow and blue version of
bumblebee kind of wish it was the
original movie yellow you know
bumblebee Camaro version as we see him
in the movie but oh well it's still
bumblebee and you know it's really glad
when I turn the box over when the when
he's on his robot mode you still see
it's pretty much bumblebee he's mostly
yellow with some black in there he still
looks cool I mean you know why not for
$8.99 I could not resist so you know and
there's so many features so yeah really
really cool I'm glad I glad I found this
so and they had also the target the
target car Leadfoot they had him for the
same price and the other car I forgot
the other cars the other robots but they
had them too they had a few of them so
they were all $8.99 and just to think
that earlier this week they were at
$14.98 there was $15 there 50% off now
there are way more they a lot lesser so
great price eat dogs I need sense for
Human Alliance bumblebee and a
minifigure of Sam Witwicky right there
and it's perfect cuz it looks like his
usual self kind of freaking out with his
big eyes so yeah really cool hope you
all enjoyed this transformers purchase
and please feel free to click on the
thumbs up button right below like
favorite comment rate subscribe and tell
me if you're excited about the next
Transformers movie transformers 4 which
will be in 2013-14 yeah torch
Transformers right in LA Universal
Studios so
that's better than thank you again
for watching until next time
rule out